demo1@gmail.com,Sub for email 1,Non-personalised content is influenced by things like the content that you’re currently viewing activity in your active Search session and your location. Non-personalised ads are influenced by the content that you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalised content and ads can also include more relevant results recommendations and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate if relevant.New email has been added to the list.
demo1@gmail.com,Subject of email 2,Non-personalised content is influenced by things like the content that you’re currently viewing activity in your active Search session and your location. Non-personalised ads are influenced by the content that you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalised content and ads can also include more relevant results recommendations and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate if relevant.New email has been added to the list.
demo2@hotmail.com,Subject 3,Non-personalised content is influenced by things like the content that you’re currently viewing activity in your active Search session and your location. Non-personalised ads are influenced by the content that you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalised content and ads can also include more relevant results recommendations and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate if relevant.New email has been added to the list.
demo2@hotmail.com,Hello 4,Non-personalised content is influenced by things like the content that you’re currently viewing activity in your active Search session and your location. Non-personalised ads are influenced by the content that you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalised content and ads can also include more relevant results recommendations and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate if relevant.New email has been added to the list.
demo5@gmix.com,Product sales 5,Non-personalised content is influenced by things like the content that you’re currently viewing activity in your active Search session and your location. Non-personalised ads are influenced by the content that you’re currently viewing and your general location. Personalised content and ads can also include more relevant results recommendations and tailored ads based on past activity from this browser like previous Google searches. We also use cookies and data to tailor the experience to be age-appropriate if relevant.New email has been added to the list.
